Q1. Write down at least three randomly combined words. Idiotic forests have iguanas. Symbolism begets crepes. Python could summon aliens.
tippleweed bed read

Q2. Then spend 10 minutes writing an essay about these three words, or one of them, that goes through as many of your senses as you can imagine--sight, sound, sense of balance, taste, smell. Look up how many different senses humans actually have to get an idea of what you can write. Don't censor yourself, just let the words flow. You can also draw the idea, paint, or write poetry.
There have been filters built to avoid the sight of tippleweed. Unfortunately it is impossible to avoid sensing the pressure tippleweed creates when one lies still in bed, reading.
There, the warmth of the tippleweed, the pressure of the sheets, the movement of the air from the sudden rush of the tipple weed, all encourage one to 
read, read, read. Indeed, some go as far as to keep tippleweed by the windowsill in order to feel the pressure, while the lie down and read. The propane lights,
the only safe lights to have around tippleweed without them emanating the smell of rotting corpses. The pressure behind one's eyes is unavoidable, however.
There have been many pink pigsslaughtered in the name of the tippleweed gods which, after proper slaighter, can be used to make its namesake weed tipple.
Weed tipple causes a lovely warmth when ingested, although it also causes a severe itchy rash on the part of the seller when consumed. Blonde men.
standing on satage, often hate weedtipple because of this very warm specification of time-honored tippling. Nowadays it is rare for weedtippletipplers to read while tippling,
mostly due to the extreme magnetic and ethereal sense of ill-boding generated by the tippleweed's reverberations. Reverberations turn also into soundwaves which
can easily incapacitate a grown man. The rippleweed is also used to open the third eye during meditative efforts. The fucking kärring is also dismayed by the rippleweed's effect on the body's pain endings, 
especially in old kärringfucks who never shut up about fucking cleaning and tripping and fuck up whole houses in the blink of a kärring's eye. The
sense of time dilation is completely unrelated to ignoring annoying fucks so you don't get a giant headache for fuck's sake give me a magic mushroom and drop me off in the forest.
PAIN PRESSURE WIND MOVEMENT HELL.

